Profit KPI
Profit by category
Profit by subcategory
profit by time
Profit by Segment
Profit by discount
Profit by Region


Sales KPI
Sales by time
Sales by sales Person
sales by segment : piecharts
Maps by region:
over all
top 15 well performing states
top 15 low performing states
sales by category
Sales by Subcategory
Sales by product id / name - top 10 performing
Sales by product id / name - bottom 10 performing

Overall:
profit and sale by segment with subcategory and category can be slicer
Pivot table for It : Rows : Segment , Sub category Values: Sum of sales , Profit per Item .
Top 10 best performing product with sales and profit 
Bottom 10 best performing product with sales and profit 
Sales and profit by product id / name - top 5 performing
Sales and profit by product id / name - bottom 5 performing

ask vishranti:
how to make KPI like 377K instead of 377000
In Profit by discount sheet how to convert row discount to 20 % instead of 0.2
For maps how to add region wise map
How shantanail added margin ?? profit by sales = margin.
do we need to clean data ??



Hello Everyone
Being part of Alphaa AI fellowship I tried to learn and analyze small stories behind the dataset. 
I have prepared a dashboard for the superstore owner and manager.
I tried analyzing the story behind data and even tried to bring out stories from data.

This task was very insightful and interesting and i wouldn't have been able to do this without @saurabh sir and @preksha ma'am. If you want to do something like this as well, join the largest Citizen Data Scientist community 👉 http://bit.ly/fellow-9.

I was able to come to certain conclusions such as :
1. Even few product lies in Top 5 product by sales still its creating loss .
2. Profit is always low in Nov in all 4 years .
3. If we offer discount more than 30% it incours loss .
4. In shipping days schedule to ship product is 4 and 5 but in actual its taking 6 days for majority of product.

And by the way would you believe that all this is built using EXCEL !!

#AlphaaAI Fellows are on a mission to tell #1billion #datastories with their unique perspective. I am a part of a community that is creating Citizen Data Scientists, who bring in data first approach to their work, core specialisation, and the organisation.
 
#datascience #visualisation #business #nontech #excel 